Hello Youtube! Fancy seeing you here on the
internet.
I'm- oh sorry, happy Halloween. In all likelihood
this will not be shown on Halloween but um
just pretend that it makes sense that it would
be presented by a... dead mariachi. At this
point it's been a while, so you may remember
us from such failed crowdfunding projects
as
Sam Sweetmilk
Sam Sweet-
But today we're- it's Sam Sweetmilk. We're resilient!
We raised $11,000 to make another episode.
And we've been doing exactly that for the past 4 months, so
Would you like to see how we've been using your money?
Can we go to that clip?
Am I alone? Is there nobody else here? I'm just gonna go to that clip.
For our next episode we're gonna need to record all our own audio, so we're gonna need to make
some soundproof panelling.
George, our videographer, has lent us his GoPro camera
And we're going to film a timelapse of their construction.
Are you ready? :D
(William Tell Overture)
And there we are.
Let's see that again in slow motion
First up is the owner of Canada's most famous beard
The comedian Chris Betts.
Hey. I'm Chris Betts.
I play the voice of 'Collector 3'.
And I'm doing some random, background conversation stuff
I was thinking about space... and time...
(background laughter)
I, uhhhh-
-in this luxurious suite. It's hot as balls in here.
Space... like noodles... delicious.
Time... like noodles... also delicious!
"QUIT EATING SPACE AND TIME GEORGE
(background laughter)
WE NEED IT"
Jason purposely doesn't allow me to drink in here.
I think he turned up the heat just to spite me.
Would you care for some canapés?
This is a Mercurean beluga.
It has been seared on the surface of the fourth sun of Rumbulus
And temprered with just a little bit of herb of sacrifice
-constantly told me that I sounded too feminine, and then too masculine and then too feminine again
I don't think he knows what either of those words mean.
I think you'll find it has special notes
that can be described as
'sensatiofun'
(laughter)
and 'spicetacular'
Yeah but it's a real-
yeah it's a real pleasure to be here.
If Jason could stop yelling at me with his whiskey-soaked breath, that'd be a nice touch
But I'll take what I can get for now.
(Laughter)
I'm really sweaty
Thanks for watching, hope you liked it, next time we'll be going to Comic Con
See you later.